Let's move on to our exercise now.
So we're going to be working
in keyframe animations, and
that's at 0 to dash keyframes.
What we want to do is add animations for
this entering in, so
we want the form to sort of slide up or
whatever you want to do.
But I think that that's a good
intro to just getting a feel for
in meeting something.
And we might also want
to add animation for
each of the elements as
well when they enter in.
So this would just be an animation
that you add directly to the elements.
And when you load the page,
those animations are going
to be immediately applied.
And so
the final thing I want you to do is to
use transform to make a shaking animation.
And we're going to be using
that in a later exercise.
But shaking is just you're
transforming from a native translate X
to a positive translate X, back and forth.
So you could use some of the shorthand
techniques that we learned in order to
create those key frames.
So have fun.